[MA-902]clarify no data timeframe recommendation (#6721)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_types/metric.md

`Do not notify` if data is missing or `Notify` if data is missing for more than `N` minutes.

> Notifications for missing data are useful if you expect a metric to always be reporting data under normal circumstances. For example, if a host with the Agent must be up continuously, you can expect the metric `system.cpu.idle` to always report data. For this case, you should enable notifications for missing data. **Note**: We recommend you set the missing data window to at least two times the evaluation period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications for missing data are useful if you expect a metric to always be reporting data under normal circumstances. For example, if a host with the Agent must be up continuously, you can expect the metric `system.cpu.idle` to always report data. For this case, you should enable notifications for missing data. 

**Note**: It is recommended that you set the missing data window to at least two times the evaluation period.
```
